Describe HtmlEditor Table Resizing Properties (#2619)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/dxHtmlEditorTableResizing/minColumnWidth.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
The minimum column width.

---

> When the content width exceeds this property's value and users resize the column, the minimum column width equals to the content width if it is impossible to break content into lines. 

Reviewer: Add an example when required.

```suggestion
When a column's content exceeds **minColumnWidth**, and it is impossible to break the content into several lines, the minimum column width equals the content width. For example, if **minColumnWidth** is 50 but a column's content requires 60 pixels, users can narrow the column down to 60 pixels only.
```

> When a column's content exceeds **minColumnWidth**, and it is impossible to break the content into several lines, the minimum column width equals the content width. For example, if **minColumnWidth** is 50 but a column's content requires 60 pixels, users can narrow the column down to 60 pixels only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a column's content exceeds **minColumnWidth**, and it is impossible to break the content into several lines, the minimum column width equals the content width. For example, if **minColumnWidth** is 50 pixels but a column's content requires 60 pixels, users can decrease the column width to 60 pixels only.
```

---
---
##### shortDescription
##### shortDescription
The minimum column width.

---

> When the content width exceeds this property's value and it is impossible to move the content to a new line, the actual column width equals the content width. 

Reviewer: Does this sentence describe the case when a user wants to shrink a column down to the minColumnWidth value, but the column won't let him?

Author: Yes, exactly.

Reviewer: Then it's unclear that you mean this case. Please rewrite.
